r for the qualifiers already
in our country 12 we are in the shock at home
where there are already a lot of people waiting to buy tickets
for the match of peru paraguay the first match stacks eliminatory of the
Peruvian participation in this tournament
are approximately 50 to 60 people who are already early
Waiting for copland tickets as they have commented to us still missing 45
minutes for the establishment to sell tickets and now but the
people are already waiting very early
Good Morning
I want to be waiting for compact equipment
from the morning with 15 shipments
how many tickets to buy
argentina is going to be
how much is more or less the expense for three in treatment
the 420 700 euros
amy gad and my grandmother
we come to give uniformity to the date
repeat Sunday
another young man is very early today
I love you, you're here, and five in the morning
There are those who still
they are all children
as soon as possible the 5000 plan presented with the pri then and allows
here people are waiting
impatient already for buying the tickets not only copper are fine
Good Morning
from the ground it is operated by work
today the city has
avenue zone
do not
four people when it comes to eating
it is a threat but it is stable
a better cast was encouraged
to achieve it will be
live and live
these species are not the only ones and pique
first cadet
in 45 minutes as I repeat, tickets go on sale, people are already
waiting and increasingly this queue gets much longer